
Chris Tandy <ctandy@stridephysiohealth.com.au>
Thu 2 Apr, 16:54 (8 days ago)
to emmadawss22

Hi Emma,

Following a thorough and extensive audit of all treatment records,
insurance claims, and outstanding account balances, I'm reaching out
regarding your treatment through the Essendon Doutta Stars FC
partnership with Stride to provide you with a detailed update on your
position.

The insurer that handles these claims changed a number of their
processing requirements during the claim period. This has
unfortunately caused delays and, in some cases, meant that claims need
to be resubmitted under the updated requirements. This has affected
many athletes across the programm- not just you.

Your current position:

Your current outstanding balance with Stride is $760.00. Following our
audit, we have identified an additional $800.00 in treatment that has
not yet been formally claimed, bringing the combined total to
$1,560.00. To achieve the fastest resolution, we recommend paying
$1,560.00 now while we simultaneously submit or resubmit your claim(s)
with the insurer on your behalf.

The following claims relate to your treatment:
- Foot Plantar Fascia - submitted - awaiting payments at Marsh Level
- Neck post concussion - to be re-submitted  then to be awaiting
payments at Marsh level

 We are working on this and will keep you informed of progress.

Your options:

1. Full payment : fastest route to resolution. If you'd like to
arrange payment you may do so via the details below. You may also
reply to this email or call us to discuss or want to make a payment
another way. Note: you will then have invoices sent to Marsh for
reimbursement with evidence of this payment expediting the claim
process.

2. Payment arrangement: If a lump sum isn't accessible right now, we
can set up a payment plan that suits your circumstances. Please note
that insurance claim processing timelines are outside our control, a
payment arrangement ensures your balance is actively being resolved
regardless of the insurer's timeframe. We can't guarantee that the
insurer may not wait until all payments are made on balance until they
process re-imbursements to you.

3. Claim escalation / AFCA — If Options 1 and 2 aren't accessible, we
are happy to work with you to escalate your claim(s) with the
programme operator to have this finalised by them, or to assist you in
lodging a complaint with the Australian Financial Complaints Authority
(AFCA) if they deem they won't pay without you paying first. Note this
is a new requirement that have stipulated. AFCA is a free, independent
dispute resolution service for insurance matters and are the Ombudsman
for this industry. This pathway may take time, and if there is scope
to combine a payment arrangement (Option 2) with this escalation in
parallel, that would be greatly appreciated.

To make payment, please use the following details:

Bank transfer:
Stride Physiotherapy & Health Group Pty Ltd
BSB: 083-343 | Account: 36-529-4283
Reference: Emma Dawson

Pay by card: https://pay.airwallex.com/sghdsfrfwmdo

I'd welcome the chance to discuss this with you directly as required,
Please feel free to reply to this email or call me on 0423 538 819.